#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt --resolver=backtracking requirements.in
#
aiofiles==22.1.0
    # via ypy-websocket
aiohttp==3.8.4
    # via langchain
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
aiosqlite==0.18.0
    # via ypy-websocket
alembic==1.10.3
    # via mlflow
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
babel==2.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
black==23.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
build==0.10.0
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   databricks-cli
    #   flask
    #   mlflow
    #   nltk
    #   pip-tools
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   shap
cmake==3.26.3
    # via triton
comm==0.1.3
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
databricks-cli==0.17.6
    # via mlflow
dataclasses-json==0.5.7
    # via langchain
debugpy==1.6.7
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
docker==6.0.1
    # via mlflow
entrypoints==0.4
    # via mlflow
exceptiongroup==1.1.1
    # via pytest
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.3
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.11.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
    #   triton
flask==2.2.3
    # via mlflow
fonttools==4.39.3
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.31
    # via mlflow
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via sqlalchemy
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via mlflow
huggingface-hub==0.13.4
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==6.3.0
    # via mlflow
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.22.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==8.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
isort==5.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via flask
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mlflow
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   torch
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.11
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==8.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-fileid
jupyter-server==2.5.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-fileid
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-fileid==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server-ydoc==0.8.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-ydoc==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-ydoc
    #   jupyterlab
jupyterlab==3.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.22.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.7
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
langchain==0.0.149
    # via -r requirements.in
lit==16.0.1
    # via triton
llvmlite==0.39.1
    # via numba
mako==1.2.4
    # via alembic
markdown==3.4.3
    # via mlflow
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.19.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   marshmallow-enum
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.5
    # via nbconvert
mlflow==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   typing-inspect
nbclassic==0.5.5
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.7.3
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.3.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
networkx==3.1
    # via torch
nltk==3.8.1
    # via sentence-transformers
notebook==6.5.4
    # via jupyterlab
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
numba==0.56.4
    # via shap
numexpr==2.8.4
    # via langchain
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   langchain
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlflow
    #   numba
    #   numexpr
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   shap
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
nvidia-cublas-cu11==11.10.3.66
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu11
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu11
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu11==11.7.101
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu11==11.7.99
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu11==11.7.99
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu11==8.5.0.96
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu11==10.9.0.58
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu11==10.2.10.91
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu11==11.4.0.1
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu11==11.7.4.91
    # via torch
nvidia-nccl-cu11==2.14.3
    # via torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu11==11.7.91
    # via torch
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via databricks-cli
openapi-schema-pydantic==1.2.4
    # via langchain
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   docker
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlflow
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   pytest
    #   shap
    #   transformers
pandas==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
    #   shap
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.11.1
    # via black
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   torchvision
pip-tools==6.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==3.2.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
plotly==5.14.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via ipython
protobuf==4.22.3
    # via mlflow
psutil==5.9.4
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==11.0.0
    # via mlflow
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.7
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   openapi-schema-pydantic
pygments==2.15.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyjwt==2.6.0
    # via databricks-cli
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via build
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
pytest==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   langchain
    #   mlflow
    #   transformers
pyzmq==25.0.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
querystring-parser==1.2.4
    # via mlflow
regex==2023.3.23
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   databricks-cli
    #   docker
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   langchain
    #   mlflow
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
scikit-learn==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   shap
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   shap
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
sentence-transformers==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sentencepiece==0.1.98
    # via sentence-transformers
shap==0.41.0
    # via mlflow
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   databricks-cli
    #   python-dateutil
    #   querystring-parser
    #   rfc3339-validator
slicer==0.0.7
    # via shap
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.4
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.9
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   langchain
    #   mlflow
sqlparse==0.4.3
    # via mlflow
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
sympy==1.11.1
    # via torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via databricks-cli
tenacity==8.2.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   plotly
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tokenizers==0.13.3
    # via transformers
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   jupyterlab
    #   pyproject-hooks
    #   pytest
torch==2.0.0
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
    #   triton
torchvision==0.15.1
    # via sentence-transformers
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   nltk
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   shap
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
transformers==4.27.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
triton==2.0.0
    # via torch
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.8.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   docker
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.1
    # via
    #   docker
    #   jupyter-server
werkzeug==2.2.3
    # via flask
wheel==0.40.0
    # via
    #   nvidia-cublas-cu11
    #   nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu11
    #   nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu11
    #   nvidia-curand-cu11
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu11
    #   nvidia-nvtx-cu11
    #   pip-tools
widgetsnbextension==4.0.7
    # via ipywidgets
y-py==0.5.9
    # via
    #   jupyter-ydoc
    #   ypy-websocket
yarl==1.9.2
    # via aiohttp
ypy-websocket==0.8.2
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
zipp==3.15.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
